
Lv A

First time slaughtering a pig?

Well, let's start with something easy.

you will probably want to select a young gilt (female pig) or a castrated male that weighs from 180 to 250 lbs. 
 Look for an animal that is broad in the back, more flat and firm than rounded, as this indicates less waste backfat. A good wide stance is another hint that there is some solid muscle present; a pig that stands with its hind legs too close together is a less desirable animal.

 Before slaughter, pigs should be given free access to water but be denied food for at least 12 and preferably 24 hours in order to help purge the digestive system. Can I get you a beer?

 Just before slaughter, they can be hosed clean, or scrubbed by hand if they will tolerate handling without becoming stressed. It is not only cruel to stress animals and to cause them unnecessary pain, it results in a poorer meat product.

































/*
I'm the current lead developer of 'Nordschwein' : a factory farm management sim.

My main objective right now is to create an engaging and thought-provoking game about factory farming.  

It is not my intention to write a game that changes peoples minds. Nobody likes to be told what to do or what to think. Especially by strangers with *notions*.    
Rather, I intend to build a software which is entertaining, challenging and thought provoking.      

I'm trying to tap /r/vegan's ideas, to direct the user's attention towards the kinds of decisions being made on the meat production side.

If you want to help develop the project, please share your words and thoughts relating to factory farming and/or veganism.

The core of the game will be a database of text content.

 
Single word contributions are useful, for imaginary/parodic company names, people names & place names both in the industry and in competing alternatives.Longer stuff also welcoe. Character sheets, game dialoge, fictional dramatic emails, poems jokes- whatever you think is good.
longer ideas and scenarios also welcome.

Links to suitable lit also appreciated.

General thoughts and comments welcome.

*/